some people think they're cute others
can't stand them but there's one thing
for sure about the urban beastie
raccoons can be very dangerous in this
city News exclusive health specialist
lordy Batista with a Hamilton family's
nightmare from a rare disease last month
Daniel Chevrolet was a normal 14 month
old toddler running around and curious
about life now he can't walk and he's
blind it's like he has to start all over
he can't crawl doctors have diagnosed
Daniel with raccoon roundworm a parasite
that's carried by virtually all raccoons
and excreted in their feces when they're
ingested by humans the roundworm eggs
hatch in the stomach and then attack the
brain it was on this deck that comes off
of the Chevrolets kitchen where they
first noticed raccoon excrement and you
can see they're still around having
chewed through this garbage can the
feces on the deck tested positive for
raccoon roundworm but Daniel was never
allowed out there and dr. Donald Lowe
confirms that animals could possibly
track some of the microscopic eggs
indoors we have to treat any pet as a
possible mechanism of transmitting
disease and it's often unfortunately
fecal daniel has now put on a lot of
weight from the powerful steroids he has
to take to reduce swelling in his brain
and three times a day he must take an
experimental anti-parasitic medication
to kill the worms in his brain very
horrible this medicine could kill him
but you know if we don't do something
this disease is gonna kill him anyways
Daniel's parents say their story should
serve as a warning to keep garbage
locked up tight doctors say Daniel may
eventually get a little more mobile
we'll likely never regain his sight
daniel is going to have a lot of special
needs as he gets older
including a seeing-eye dog if you'd like
to help the family out just go to our
website city news dot ca from Hamilton
I'm Laura Dibattista for City news